Hey, good morning family, praise the Lord, or good afternoon, wherever you are.
Hello, welcome, thank you for joining us.
It's 2025.
We're right now at New Year's Eve doing this video.
I've been interceding for this New Year all the last several days.
We've had such intense intercession going on in our house, praying for the nations and asking what the Lord has in store for 2025.
This is a very serious time.
The Lord told me there would be two different words: one for the ones that are awake and one for the ones that are lukewarm.
You will see the ones that are awake and on fire for Him, who have their lamps full of oil.
We talked about this remnant of people who will see great change as the harvesters.
You will see a mighty anointing and a transfer of wealth from the sinner laid up for the righteous.
If you are staying vertical with Him, you will hear in this window.
The Lord said, 'I'm giving you a window, remnant; I'm giving you a window for a great acceleration of prosperity and preparation, like the Josephs, for what is coming.
' How big the window is, I don't know, but he said in this window, if you're listening to Him and staying vertical, you will hear Him on what you're supposed to be doing.
To the ones that are lukewarm, this will be a time of great shaking to awaken you.
He said, 'Brandon, I will take care of My beloved.
' He talked to us about it in an hour-long word.
He said, 'You are My beloved and I bring gifts.
' Thank you, Holy Spirit.
He said, 'I bring gifts to the bride before the Bridegroom comes for the wedding.
' He said, 'I am standing at the door listening for My Father's instruction for Him to tell Me to come back for My bride.
' In Jewish tradition, the groom always gives gifts to the bride before the wedding.
He said He was bringing forth great giftings and romance to the bride.
He said, 'Brandon, I am the God of the cattle on a thousand hills, for My gifts are great and vast; I have streets of gold.
' He told me the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous, but it is about a kingly Him; He's the King of kings and the Lord of lords.
As the Bridegroom is wooing the bride and getting ready for the marriage feast, for the marriage supper of the Lamb, there is a major exchange of romance toward His church.
I saw an impartation of angelic visitations and manifestations of glory—healings and things your mind cannot comprehend.
The King is coming, and it is a time of celebration for the bride and the groom.
He was telling me all this stuff is going to start taking place with a great acceleration of change.
2025 will be a year of great change.
Then I heard, 'War, war, war.
' It will be talked about on the news.
2025 will be known for war.
I saw conflict between America and China at the Panama Canal.
I saw a red dragon flapping its wings, and I heard the Spirit of the Lord say, 'The Panama Canal, for there is great corruption, but as Donald Trump cracks his whip, he will tame the dragon.
' I saw Donald Trump standing there like a circus ringmaster with a black coat with long tails and a white shirt with a black bow tie.
He was cracking a whip to tame the dragon.
I saw the dragon snapping and gnashing its teeth at him, but it was flying backwards as he cracked his whip.
The dragon was being tamed and retreating.
A communistic spirit has tried to come over America as an extension from this dragon, but you will see that agenda broken.
I saw Kim Jong-un and China; they were flapping their wings, and he was taming Kim Jong-un and the Chinese party.
This is a demonic principality that has tried to influence our government through the Democratic party through hidden doors.
These things of communism will be broken.
I saw Justin Trudeau being removed from his position.
The Lord said there would be a dividing line between the far left and the far right, and you will see a Holy Ghost revival from sea to sea.
He said even Justin Trudeau and Emmanuel Macron will be dealt with.
He said because of Macron holding back, he's trying to bring a New World Order over Europe.
The people of Canada have cried out, and I will deliver thee; there will be revival that breaks forth from shore to shore, and you will soar.
Justin Trudeau's days are numbered.
There will be a dividing between the far left and the right, and it will happen overnight.
He told me He was going to deal with Emmanuel Macron also, but he showed me that there would be great revival in Europe.
He said, 'You try to stop My gospel, I will deal with you also,' and He spoke of the Antichrist spirit.
There will be revival in France and Europe.
Donald Trump will be putting these people in check, dealing with Putin, the bear.
I saw him cracking his whip across the nations, and it was bringing change.
A whip only tames the animal; it doesn't destroy it.
It causes the animal to pause.
It's about His presence allowing for one last call and bringing freedom for His people to hear.
It is a window for the last push to bring in the harvest.
You will see the animal bow down for a little bit, giving a window of time to move.
The bear sat down and paused, but it was still ready to roar.
It gave a window for revival in Russia and for things to happen with China.
I saw the rising sun over Taiwan and the remnant church interceding.
I saw it glowing with glory and a revival taking place.
He needs you to help pray; that's why I called you to this channel to pray for Donald Trump.
Brandon, I saw Donald Trump looking exhausted because of the pressure of the world on his shoulders.
The Lord is using him for this season to bring forth revival.
This is a small window—four years.
If another plague tries to take place, the window would be even smaller.
He cannot do this alone.
As he steps into office, there will be a mantle on him on the 20th.
I saw him cracking that whip, making those devils pop back.
I saw Kim Jong-un, and the Lord called him the 'Pillsbury Doughboy.
' The Lord was very angry and said He was going to humble him in a day.
He has been in the way too long, and I will humble him like Pharaoh.
His days on this earth are numbered.
Even as he is eliminated, it will take out his sister, for she is just as much of a tyrant.
There will be a crumbling of the infrastructure and great chaos in North Korea.
The Iron Curtain that has held back the gospel will be broken, and My gospel will spread throughout North Korea.
We've just started the Japan channel today.
We're going to create channels for all the Asian people in all languages: Philippines, China, Vietnam, and South Korea.
There will be a great harvest of souls in North Korea.
I saw missionaries from South Korea going over the border and snatching people out of the pits of hell.
The dynasties that have held these people back are going to crumble.
I saw the military of North Korea trying to bring stability, reaching out to China to help find another leader.
But the Lord is giving a window of great salvation with manifestations of glory.
It will be a time of freedom and liberty that flows through North Korea and China.
As we see Donald Trump come on the scene, I saw a cracking of the whip this year.
I saw a champagne bottle that was shaken, building pressure.
When he comes on the scene, I saw that cork go 'boom!
' It was a time of celebration because of the anticipation for change.
I saw an acceleration of the agenda with crypto taking off like a rocket ship through the first quarter.
I believe there could be two different crashes.
One was a plan to bring down the dollar ahead of time to bring in the One World Order fast, but the Lord is giving his bride a window.
I saw the darkness lifting above the trees for a season.
I warned you all over a year ago that Donald Trump would devise a plan for Canada and America to join.
He is talking about tariffs now, but I saw Canada, America, and Mexico becoming one central currency with no financial borders.
It was called Amero, is what I believe I heard the Lord say.
It would make America stronger.
Our dollar was depleted, and I saw a 1929-style economic crash.
I saw the plane of America crash, and he built it back—not 'built back better,' but able to function.
Donald Trump got behind the cockpit, and that plane was flying again.
It was about bringing in the harvest.
A great humbling is coming to America.
I saw the Founding Fathers making a covenant.
It looked like a blood covenant, strands of muscle and tissue bound together.
We have entered into compromise, and there were barely even a few threads left before that covenant was broken.
But as Donald Trump made an alliance with Israel, it saved the contract.
He bridged the gap and made that covenant a three-stranded cord.
A golden glowing thread appeared as we blessed Israel, giving us a lifeline over America.
I saw great natural gas and oil reserves in the Mediterranean and a flourishing of agriculture.
The Father breathed on the Abrahamic covenant, and it was a freshening and a renewing of that covenant.
I saw a major revival breaking out in Israel, with rabbis seeing Jesus as the Messiah.
There will be Jewish people celebrating in the streets.
I saw great prosperity, and that prosperity tried to come to America.
I saw the remnant being blessed.
There was light in Goshen and darkness in Egypt.
There is a dividing line being set up right now, just like the children of Israel on Mount Sinai.
The ones who ran to the Lord for refuge were safe.
There will be a great shaking in the body of Christ from 2025 through 2028 to awaken His church.
He showed us with catchers' mitts on our hands, in position to catch the harvest because it's coming in fast.
I saw terrorist attacks trying to take place in Europe, Toronto, Pennsylvania, and New York.
You will see major earthquakes, storms, and volcanoes.
Jesus is standing at the door.
I encourage you to have great anticipation for 2025.
Write your list of everything you're believing God for—nothing's too big or too small.
Find scriptures to back up your faith.
My son is busy creating these Asian channels to bring the harvest in.
The Lord told me His people are believing too small.
If you can think it and believe it, He will bring it to you.
Like a child, believe that nothing is impossible for your Father.
In 2025, we will thrive.
It will be a year of great acceleration.
Push yourself further.
We're going to take communion now to close out this year.
Father, we thank You for Your body and Your blood.
We believe that by Your stripes we are healed.
We leave 2024 and enter 2025 completely healed of disease and mental torments.
No more depression, anxiety, fear, or PTSD.
We thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against us shall prosper.
We lift up the covenant before You and start this year under the blood.
Our families are protected, and this will be a year of great favor.
What the devil meant for bad, You will turn around for good.
We call forth a restitution of everything the thief stole in 2024.
We are thriving in '25.
We don't need luck; we have the blessing and favor of God.
We lift up Donald Trump and thank You for his protection.
We pray for supernatural wisdom for him to restore the economy.
We believe Elon Musk is born again.
We come to the fountain that never shall run dry.
We're in the final countdown, and we're thankful to be a part of it.
2025 is here, and it's time to thrive.